You let go
I will be responsible for you.
I've been raped.
Who is that guy?
Why do I think his silhouette looks like something?
I have to figure it out.
Yes, go find Lulu
Ali, why are you free today and suddenly come to me?
I want to ask
What happened to me at the clubhouse that day?
Ah!
You were a waiter at the clubhouse back then
It was later given by a guest
Ah.
This kind of thing is not uncommon in the clubhouse
Most of it is consensual
You really don't remember?
Is that all there is to it?
aunt
You were too young and too innocent
The guest casually said that he would marry you, and he believed it.
I'm pregnant with your child
I advise you to abort, you refuse
Then there was a car accident
Almost got wet
And who was that man?
What was his name?
I don't know.
Probably in his 40s
Looking like a greasy nouveau riche
Oh, I see.
Thanks.
I'll go first
Nice job.